Update to v6.3 release notes (#33348)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.3.0/muon.rst

New Features
############
- Users can now select the unit for the frequency spectra (MHz or Gauss) in plotting, by picking either ``Frequency`` or ``Field`` respectively after a transform has been calculated.

Bugfixes
########
- Fixed a bug that prevented the frequency spectra from being plotted when data was binned.

> - When plotting transformations, FFT's now have y-units of ``intensity`` and Maxent's now have y-units of ``probability``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When plotting transformations, FFTs now have y-units of ``intensity`` and Maxents now have y-units of ``probability``.
```
Are the apostrophes correct? I am not entirely sure, it just looks wrong to me.

Improvements
############
- Changes have been made to improve the speed of Muon Analysis and Frequency Domain Analysis.

> - The :ref:`Results Tab <muon_results_tab-ref>` will now dispay a warning (red text and a tooltip) if the results table already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The :ref:`Results Tab <muon_results_tab-ref>` will now display a warning (red text and a tooltip) if the results table already exists.
```
